Add note about minification with js local variables (#10662)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/localvariables.mdx

The local variables integration only captures local variables from application code (`in_app = true`). Frames of a stacktrace originating from `node_modules` will not have local variables attached to them.

> <Alert level="warning">
> 
> Minified local variable names attached to exception frames cannot be unminified by Sentry at the current moment. There is an [active proposal](https://github.com/tc39/source-map/blob/main/proposals/scopes.md) for the sourcemaps spec that will add this capability.
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert level="warning">

Minified local variable names attached to exception frames can't be unminified by Sentry at this time. There's an [active proposal](https://github.com/tc39/source-map/blob/main/proposals/scopes.md) for the sourcemaps spec that will add this capability.

</Alert>
```
